FOR WHOSE SAKE
[clanking]
[Geronimo grunts]
[Geronimo] Joe! Jet!
-[gasps]
-It's all right.
They're okay.
They're in sleep mode.
[sighs]
[Françoise gasps]
[Gilmore clears throat]
[Françoise] I see you're back
with us again. Good.
004?
[Françoise sighs]
Heinrich...
why didn't you tell us
what you intended?
[Jet] Even if
we'd known at the time,
there was nothing
we could have done, understand?
If you think otherwise,
you're kidding yourself.
Says who? Maybe if we'd--
We did everything possible.
We all teamed up, and for what?
The results
would have been the same.
You don't know that!
Stop, for God's sakes!
Don't make me say it again!
Listen...
Heinrich accomplished
his final task
and completed the mission.
Along with its
deadly cargo of micro-drones,
he has steered the station
away from its Earth orbit.
To ensure Heinrich's efforts
weren't in vain,
I'll get Ivan back.
If the Emperor and I can't
see eye to eye on the matter,
I swear I'll...
[pop music playing]
[G.B.] What's wrong there, Iggy?
You look out of sorts.
[gasps]
[chuckles]
Great Britain? You're here?
Yes.
What happened to the guards?
There isn't anyone here.
If you stop to think, because
they no longer have a reason
to keep you two locked up,
I'll wager.
What do you mean? Why not?
[sighs]
What I am about to tell you
is not going to be easy to hear.
Then Pyotr wasn't the only
secret member of The Blessed.
Well, who could say?
So what are your plans now?
Are you going to board
the Dolphin with me?
Hmm.
Not now.
I'm gathering
information on my own.
This isn't over.
We have to stop them.
Ivan, it would seem
your former comrades
are more competent
than they appear.
Not only did they
thwart my plan,
but, for good measure,
they also removed the Professor.
[Ivan, telepathically]
I was confident
they were capable of that.
A deplorable turn of events.
And therefore
what would be your next move?
Well, that would be up to you.
What is it you want of me?
I'm sure it's more than
just becoming bosom friends.
My, my.
Every ounce as perceptive
as I thought you were.
Congratulations.
Why don't you join me?
Help me guide the human race
into becoming
better than they are.
So you refuse
to abandon the notion
of subjugating humans,
despite the probable outcome?
[chuckles]
It's as I suspected.
You mean to bring harm
to the human race.
I came
to determine your intent,
what you have planned,
and now that I know,
I will not let it happen.
I'll stop you
if it costs both our lives.
That's the role
I was meant to play.
[gasps]
Wait. Ivan's using
his mental power.
Where is he?
[Françoise] In New York,
not far from U.N. headquarters.
Ivan...
talk to us. We're here.
[Ivan] I see you've thwarted
the plot by The Blessed.
Nice work.
-Hmm?
-Ivan.
You okay?
At the moment, I'm facing off
against the Emperor.
Wait. What did you say?
[Emperor] Impressive.
In the realm of raw strength,
you can surpass even me.
Are you sure of this,
matching our powers
against each other?
This is quite interesting.
Damn you, Emperor.
Do you have any idea
what you're doing?
[Ivan] The downside
is that scores of people
will be swept into the turmoil.
Listen, you need
to teleport me there.
[Ivan] Unfortunately,
it does look as though
I have to ask
for your help again.
[Françoise gasps]
Joe.
Damn him.
We are not gonna let him have
all the glory, are we? Come on!
Location, New York,
Themis Island.
[Ivan shudders]
Hmm?
Accelerator!
That one was for Heinrich,
you bastard.
[chuckles]
Well, you caught me off guard.
It has been 3,000 years
since last I was struck.
[thinking]
So, 009's Accelerator
could be the key
to saving humanity after all.
[console beeping]
Igarashi?
-[line beeps open]
-Listen,
everybody knows
what you're up to.
The Guardians just received
an emergency summons.
Are you planning
a shootout in New York?
Well, it's not like we have
many options to choose from,
but if you try to stop us,
it's gonna be bad.
Well, ordinarily
I'd take you on,
but right now
it seems I'm the only one
who can prove your innocence.
What are you talking about?
There isn't a single person
at U.N. headquarters
who has any memory
of this incident.
It appears as though Pyotr isn't
the only one to erase memories.
Did you say erase memories?
Not that I have any proof.
I'll head over now to join you.
[Françoise] He hung up.
Wow, what the hell
is that guy thinking?
All this high-speed
running around you're doing
is futile. Give it up.
[grunts]
Never!
Really, now,
think you can thwart me, do you?
Because you're working
to wipe out the human race.
[groans]
There seems to be
a slight misunderstanding here.
Humankind has given up
on its evolutionary progress.
Doing so ensures
its self-destruction.
That's precisely
why I want to guide them,
to help them become
better versions
of their current selves.
[Joe] That's a self-righteous
way of looking at it.
They don't need your help.
Humans always change
of their own free will.
That's why I'm here,
to ensure
they continue living free...
and that's what I intend to do!
There was a time when I tried
to save foolish humans,
those full of pride
and spirit like you,
but then....
[grunts]
I realized
that even with my power,
it wasn't nearly adequate
to save the entire human race.
What's different now, Emperor?
How are you going
to save humanity this time?
By resetting it.
Resetting?
Emperor...
insanity.
If you go that route,
it will destroy us, too.
A dangerous battlefield
is no place for a young
female civilian to hang out.
So sorry.
Oh, no. I should apologize.
I'm the one who forced
all of you back into battle.
Don't give it a second thought.
Remember,
we're Zero-Zero cyborgs.
That's our mission.
It's what we do.
I want you to promise
that you'll all survive!
Tell Heinrich, too!
Consider the message delivered.
[gasps]
-What's that?
-[rotors thrumming]
[G.B.]
Sorry to keep you waiting.
[Françoise]
It's the U.N. Guardians.
[Jet] Crap, so we can't exactly
blast 'em
to hell and back, huh?
In that case, let's just
go meet Joe and Ivan.
[sighs]
[Ivan] What do you
mean by reset?
Just what the word implies.
When a program suffers a glitch,
it cannot be
fundamentally resolved
through makeshift adjustments.
You must start again
from the basic design.
By doing what?
I will accomplish this
by fusing Ivan's telepathy
with my own powers,
then erase
humanity's useless memories.
[groans]
No way will I let you do that!
What's this?
[thunder crashing]
[growls]
Eh?
[gasps]
[Jet] Igarashi, is that you?
Sorry to make you wait.
Well, it looks as if
our lead actor has
just taken the stage.
[Françoise] A missile?
No, I don't think so. That's--
[gunfire echoing]
[gasps]
What's that?
[Pyotr] As ordered by my master,
I shall now commence my mission
and dispose of you.
Pyotr?
[growling]
Eh? Where'd he go?
Ai-yah!
[G.B. grunts]
Damn you!
[grunts]
009, it's a gravity wave.
How many powers does he have?
Only one.
Eh?
-[Ivan shudders]
-Ivan!
Wait.
I do not want to hurt you, Ivan.
Oh?
What's this?
[Joe] Ivan!
[Emperor] An anti-field.
Would you mind timing out
for a little while?
Your demise gains me nothing.
I cannot claim
your cyborg powers.
What is this?
How can he possibly
move faster than me?
[scoffs]
I'm not moving fast at all.
That so-called Accelerator Mode
may be boosting your
thought processes to accommodate
your physicality's
increased velocity.
-As regards speed of thought...
-[crushing]
having lived for 3,000 years,
I leave you in the dust.
[Joe gasps]
You're an epic disappointment.
I had hopes for you
after hearing what Linker said.
[Catalina exhales]
[telepathically]
009...
I know you have more power
than you're showing,
the power to transcend time.
[gasps]
002!
002! What's wrong?! 002!
Hey, thanks for that.
I owe you one. Huh?
[Igarashi yells]
Igarashi!
Where'd he go?
He's like a Joe who can fly.
I'll thank you not to compare me
to that piece of junk.
I am a member of a new breed,
chosen by the gods.
After disposing
of you cyborg defects,
I shall help guide humanity
as a proud servant
of those gods.
Hah! You're crazy as a bedbug.
Heh. You're actually
putting up a fight, Igarashi.
Don't mock me, you bastard!
[wind blowing]
[grunting]
[screams]
[crackling]
[gasps]
[groans]
[clang]
Linker...
I'm so disappointed in you.
Catalina.
[Emperor] I know exactly
what you're thinking.
[Ivan gasps]
I possess the same linking power
as you do.
[gasps]
How could you have my power?
I see now, Emperor.
Your ability is to copy
the powers of others.
That's right, Ivan.
I can reproduce any power
that I come into contact with.
You can't.
The day he...
I make a copy,
leaving the donor's power
in place,
and so, they never
realize it's mine.
[gasps]
By the way, Linker...
what is the reason you are here?
What are...
Emperor.
What-- What am I doing here?
As I recall, your mission
was to do away with the cyborgs,
was it not?
That's right. I went
to Lake Superior with Igarashi.
No, Catalina. What'd you do?
I erased the memories
of your bond.
They may be a precious
and cherished thing to humans,
but if one were
to erase them completely,
then there would be
no more grief in the world.
That would be a good thing, yes?
How could you?
009.
[gasps]
No.
[Jet] Damn it.
Don't those damn Savior tanks
have any flaws?
They do, but...
[Jet] What should I do?
Hold him there.
10 seconds should do it.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Jet] This guy, for 10 seconds?
Impossible, right?
No, I can do it!
[tires squeal]
[Jet grunting]
[yelps]
[gasps]
Damn it. I'm losing control.
Igarashi, it ain't over yet!
Hold on a little longer!
[crash]
Damn you.
[yelling]
Are you actually
going to fight me
with your bare hands?
Whatever it takes, you tin can!
[Jet grunting]
As long as I'm
holding on to you,
you can't accelerate
worth a damn.
[Pyotr] What are you doing?
[Jet yells]
[Pyotr] Damn you!
[groaning]
[groans] I made a mistake.
However, my functions
are still intact.
[Igarashi] Jet.
Some nice control there.
Huh?
Igarashi.
So long, Pyotr.
[gasps]
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]